Translation of documentation (#4918)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-sdk/topic.md

Information about which messages have already been processed can be [saved on the client side](#client-commit) by sending the starting consumer offset to the server when creating a new connection. This does not change the consumer offset on the server.

> You can use [transactions](#read-tx). In this case, the reading offset will change only when the transaction is commited. When you connect again, all uncommited messages will be read.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data from topics can be read in the context of [transactions](#read-tx). In this case, the reading offset will only advance when the transaction is committed. On reconnect, all uncommitted messages will be read again.
```

Author: fixed
https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/4918/commits/2884b64e8c40cd192b9ea61db595b75a08017044

{% list tabs %}

- C++

>   Before reading messages, the client code must pass a reference to the transaction object to the settings of the reading session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Before reading messages, the client code must pass a transaction object reference to the reading session settings.
```

Author: fixed
https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/4918/commits/2884b64e8c40cd192b9ea61db595b75a08017044

  ```cpp
      ReadSession->WaitEvent().Wait(TDuration::Seconds(1));

      auto tableSettings = NYdb::NTable::TTxSettings::SerializableRW();
      auto transactionResult = TableSession->BeginTransaction(tableSettings).GetValueSync();
      auto Transaction = transactionResult.GetTransaction();

      NYdb::NTopic::TReadSessionGetEventSettings topicSettings;
      topicSettings.Block(false);
      topicSettings.Tx(Transaction);

      auto events = ReadSession->GetEvents(topicSettings);

      for (auto& event : events) {
          // process the event and write results to a table
      }

      NYdb::NTable::TCommitTxSettings commitSettings;
      auto commitResult = Transaction.Commit(commitSettings).GetValueSync();
  ```

{% note warning %}

>   When processing `events`, you do not need to explicitly confirm processing for events of the `TDataReceivedEvent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When processing `events`, you do not need to confirm processing for `TDataReceivedEvent` events explicitly.
```

Author: fixed
https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/4918/commits/2884b64e8c40cd192b9ea61db595b75a08017044
